Move and clean up `Silence` (#12441)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Silence/en.md

If you believe you were silenced unfairly, contact the [account support team](/wiki/People/Account_support_team#accounts@ppy.sh) at [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh) to contest the silence. Make sure to do it from the email linked to your osu! account; mention your osu! username, as well as the approximate date and time when the silence was handed out.

> ## Common reasons for silences and durations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common reasons and durations for silences
```

*Caution: Engaging in "inappropriate behaviour" in private messages is not against the rules, unless said inappropriate behaviour is being delivered to unwilling or unconsenting recipients. If reported, appropriate punishments will be placed.*

| Silence reason | Duration |
| :-- | :-- |
| Spam or inappropriate discussions in chat | 5 minutes |
| Inappropriate comments, beatmap discussion posts, or forum posts | 80 minutes |
| Racism in chat | 80 minutes |
| Inappropriate links or visual content | 43 hours[^exact-duration] |

> | Severe misconduct | 43 hours[^exact-duration] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this one is so vague that I think it should be removed from the table, it doesn't help me understand silences any more than the sentence that's already below this

> | Repeated or severely inappropriate song submission | 43 hours |
> | Inappropriate links or visual content | 43 hours[^exact-duration] |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Repeated or severely inappropriate song submission | 43 hours[^exact-duration] |
| Inappropriate links or visual content | 43 hours[^exact-duration] |
```

While these are the most common reasons, silences can last any amount of time between 5 minutes and 28 days if the moderators deem it necessary due to the severity of the offence.

> Unless the new offence is more serious, a new silence will generally be twice the length of the previous silence, if any. Silences can stack on top of each other, adding more time for each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Silences generally double in length each time they are issued to the same user. If silences overlap, their durations are added together.
```

> Please note that if an offence is heavy enough, or if a player is a repeat offender, it may result in an [account restriction](/wiki/Help_centre/Account_restrictions) instead of a silence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Very severe or repeated offences may result in an [account restriction](/wiki/Help_centre/Account_restrictions) instead of a silence.
```

## Notes and references

[^chat-cleanup]: [Blog post by ppy (2012-12-17) "This Week in osu!"](https://blog.ppy.sh/post/38114063519/this-week-in-osu-5)

> [^exact-duration]: These silences are technically 42 hours and 40 minutes long due to durations being calculated based on multiples of 5 minutes.

Reviewer: this note doesn't make sense, 42h40m and 43h are both multiples of 5 minutes...

Author: Used the wrong term, meant "factors".
